Fixed #29865 -- Added logical XOR support for Q() and QuerySet(). (#14480)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

    SELECT ... WHERE x=1 OR y=2

XOR (``^``)
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 4.0

Combines two ``QuerySet``\s using the SQL ``XOR`` operator.

The following are equivalent::

    Model.objects.filter(x=1) ^ Model.objects.filter(y=2)
    from django.db.models import Q
    Model.objects.filter(Q(x=1) ^ Q(y=2))

SQL equivalent:

.. code-block:: sql

    SELECT ... WHERE x=1 XOR y=2

> .. note::
>     ``XOR`` is emulated in backends that don't support it by changing
>     ``x=1 XOR y=2`` into ``(x=1 OR x=2) AND NOT (x=1 AND y=2)``.

Reviewer: Lets add a blank line after the directive and also make it clear which backends currently support this:
```suggestion
.. note::

    ``XOR`` is emulated in backends that don't support it by changing
    ``x=1 XOR y=2`` into ``(x=1 OR x=2) AND NOT (x=1 AND y=2)``. Currently
    ``XOR`` is only supported by MySQL and MariaDB.
```

Author: I have added this.

I only see/added backend settings for MySQL though, and I'm not sure if MariaDB uses those settings?

    SELECT ... WHERE x=1 OR y=2

XOR (``^``)
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 4.0

Combines two ``QuerySet``\s using the SQL ``XOR`` operator.

The following are equivalent::

    Model.objects.filter(x=1) ^ Model.objects.filter(y=2)
    from django.db.models import Q
    Model.objects.filter(Q(x=1) ^ Q(y=2))

SQL equivalent:

.. code-block:: sql

    SELECT ... WHERE x=1 XOR y=2

.. note::

>     ``XOR`` is emulated in backends that don't support it by changing
>     ``x=1 XOR y=2`` into ``(x=1 OR x=2) AND NOT (x=1 AND y=2)``. Currently
>     ``XOR`` is only supported by MySQL and MariaDB.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
    ``XOR`` is natively supported on MariaDB and MySQL. On other databases,
    this is emulated using ``(x=1 OR x=2) AND NOT (x=1 AND y=2)``.
```

database-related operations. It's similar to how an
:class:`F() <django.db.models.F>` object represents the value of a model field
or annotation. They make it possible to define and reuse conditions, and
combine them using operators such as ``|`` (``OR``), ``&`` (``AND``),
and ``^`` (``XOR``). See :ref:`complex-lookups-with-q`.

.. versionchanged:: 4.0

>     Support for the ``^`` (``XOR``) operator was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Added support for the ``^`` (``XOR``) operator.
```

database-related operations. It's similar to how an
:class:`F() <django.db.models.F>` object represents the value of a model field
or annotation. They make it possible to define and reuse conditions, and
combine them using operators such as ``|`` (``OR``), ``&`` (``AND``),
and ``^`` (``XOR``). See :ref:`complex-lookups-with-q`.

.. versionchanged:: 4.0

>     Added support for the ``^`` (``XOR``) operator.

Author: Whoops, apologies. There was some issues around rebasing. Fixing
